what's with the jeans you know what I've
had on a fucking loop and I don't know
if I know I'm probably introducing it
but it's shout out to everybody out
there doing the thing stuff like that I
had set it up on a foot at 4:00 in the
morning I was up and I said it to myself
a hundred times shout out to everybody
out there all over the world doing that
things like that and stuff like that is
the best world
everyone everyone doing yeah that's a
civilization shut up every human Homo
Sapien up on ya bipeds well shout out to
dogs if you don't know what we're
talking about talk about crazy loads who
by the way low-key responded to us so I
can't believe it I haven't seen it yet
he didn't call us out by name but what
do you know sorry
smart I issued the challenge right where
I was so crazy looks she wants para blah
blah yeah and this is what his response
was okay I love you Jesus
yeah crazy loose right here sayin yeah
Go Daddy 101 crazy like this all day
so he's directly responding to people
saying is he mentally stable and well
crazy looks is telling you I'm all there
but he's there where I am
they wonder wonder why Craig's lovely
shuffling his foot and beating at the
same time saw that trying in tell me for
real though they wanna wonder why Chris
Blose be coming in to put this boxing
with punches and punches because he
keeps it watch him tell me yes oh so if
he wants to time understand the message
there they wonder wonder why my knuckles
are like this now that is a swollen ass
knuckle yeah oh that one's real big oh
hell no look at the stretch but he says
I thought it was about to everybody
who's seen it goes oh they gave me the
time code they're like at 113 yeah
invite form crazy Lopes assault to be
good you do work yeah shoot give me that
pleasure
yellow godless a body Wow
hey I will say yeah this guy is focused
he directed his energy at you yeah I
would have fucked with crazy locals now
I mean that fuck with nobody no the
Walmart Brunei was playful he was like
yeah was good and that was like focused
energy yeah he's really he's in it to
win it with you Sakura no I had a little
something stay back okay check it out
people they're talking wondering does
buns have the cardio bones has cardio
they want to wonder if buns can duck and
move Oh duck and move don't watch out
too fast for you to even see because he
keeps pushing you got the finger on
stuff like that check it people wonder
how is he so powerful because of the
training because I never stop pushing
all the time
yeah buzzes here and appreciates any
challenges from anybody who wants to
step into the ring for a sparring
session and deliver pleasure back to
them so anytime yeah any more cow folks
that are
sane or crazy you want to get up with it
holler at me man huh you know where to
find me
anytime I appreciate you all loves
everybody all over the world doing my
things love like that there it is dude
do you just throw down the gauntlet and
and I like that you kind of took a
veiled approach the way he'd do with you
so you're maybe in where he's at
that's what I'm doing that's a really
smart way to do things talk to my agent
today yeah I said I'm we think about San
Jose because that's where the Thor my
man lives oh well you were okay so you
want out but you want to find a venue
and San Jose no I'm saying like if I can
get a date book there okay then I can
also schedule Wow you know throw it down
yeah man
shout outs ghost bar you know shout out
to all those crazies doing the thing
mm-hmm